HOLD FOR MTV 2.9.0: MTV-2854 Overview page (#715)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/mtv-overview-page.adoc

[id="mtv-overview-page_{context}"]
= The MTV Overview page

If you have Administrator privileges, you can access the *Overview* page by clicking *Migration for Virtualization > Overview* in the {ocp} web console.

The *Overview* page has 4 tabs:

* Overview
* YAML
* Health
* Settings

[id="overview-tab_{context}"]
== Overview tab

The *Overview* tab is designed to let you create providers quickly and to make it easier for you to find system-wide information:

* In the upper-right pane, following the *Welcome* message, are buttons that let you open the *Create provider* UI for each vendor ({vmw}, {rhv-full}, OpenStack, OVA, and {virt}).

//Confirm time and list or kebab

> * In the center-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Virtual machines*. This chart shows the number of running, failed, and succeeded virtual machine migrations that {project-short} ran in the interval shown in the list in the upper-right corner of the pane. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list. Options: 7 days, 31 days, 24 hours.

Author: @Pkylas007 Thanks for the phrasing suggestion. The mockup I sent you shows the 3 charts.

> * In the center-right pane is an area chart named *Migration history*. This chart shows the number of migrations that succeeded, failed, or were running during the interval shown in the title of the chart. You can choose a different interval by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner of the pane. Options: 7 days, 31 days, 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the center-right pane is an area chart named *Migration history*. This chart shows the number of migration plan executions that succeeded, failed, or were running during the interval shown in the title of the chart. You can choose a different interval by clicking the {kebab} in the upper-right corner of the pane. Options: 7 days, 31 days, 24 hours.
```

//Confirm time and list or kebab

> * In the lower-left pane is a "donut" chart named *Migration plans*. By default, this chart shows the number of running, failed, succeeded, or canceled migration plans that {project-short} ran for the time interval that you select. You can choose a different interval by clicking the list in the upper-right corner of the pane. List options are: 7 days, 31 days, 24 hours. You can also see the number of plans that were not started, cannot be started, are incomplete, archived, paused, or have an unknown status by clicking the *Show all plans* link.

Reviewer 2: no range selector for Migration plans donut chart. It always gives you the current summary of plan statuses

====

* In the lower-right pane is a table named *{project-short} health*. This table lists all of the {project-short} pods, starting with the most important one, `forklift-controller`. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. If there are more pods than can be displayed, the *View all* link is active. Clicking the link opens the *Health* tab. For each pod, the status and creation time of the pod are listed and there is a link to the logs of the pod.

[id="overview-yaml-tab_{context}"]
== YAML tab

The *YAML* tab displays the `ForkliftController` custom resource (CR) that defines the operation of the {project-short} Operator. You can modify the CR in this tab.

[id="overview-health-tab_{context}"]
== Health tab

The *Health* tab has two panes:

* In the upper pane, there is a table named *MTV Health*. It lists all the {project-short} pods, starting with the most important one, `forklift-controller`. The remaining pods are listed in alphabetical order. For each pod, the status and creation time of the pod are listed and there is a link to the logs of the pod.

> * In the lower pane, is a table named *Conditions*. It lists the following possible statuses of the {project-short} Operator, whether the status is true or false, a brief description, and the last time the condition was updated. A green checkmark is used if a status is true, a red minus sign is used if it is false.

Author: These words are not values that are neither displayed by the UI nor entered by the user, so there's no need to format them as if they were input.

> * In the lower pane, is a table named *Conditions*. It lists the following possible statuses of the {project-short} Operator, whether the status is true or false, a brief description, and the last time the condition was updated. A green checkmark is used if a status is true, a red minus sign is used if it is false.

Author: @sgratch was working from the mockup. Thanks! Looks like just words now, will fix unless @jschuler says the plus and minus are going to be in 2.9.0.

** Success: Last successful reconciliation.

[id="overview-settings-tab_{context}"]
== Settings tab

The table that follows describes the settings that are visible in the *Settings* tab, their default values, and other possible values which can be set or chosen, if needed.

[cols="1,1,1,1",options="header"]
.{project-short} settings
|===
|Setting |Description |Default value |Additional values

|Maximum concurrent VM migrations
a|Varies with provider as follows:

* For all migrations except OVA or VMware migrations: The maximum number of disks that {project-short} can transfer simultaneously.
* For OVA migrations: The maximum number of VMs that {project-short} can migrate simultaneously.
* For VMware migrations, the setting has the following meanings:
** Cold migration:

*** To local {virt}: VMs for each ESXi host that can migrate simultaneously.
*** To remote {virt}: Disks for each ESXi host that can migrate simultaneously.

** Warm migration: Disks for each ESXi host that can migrate simultaneously.
+
See xref:max-concurrent-vms_{context}[Configuring the controller_max_vm_inflight parameter] for a detailed explanation of this setting.
|20

> |Adjustable by clicking the *+* and *-* keys to set a different value.

Reviewer 2: yes this was changed in part 3. There is now a dedicated Settings tab where all settings can be changed on the fly. The bug @sgratch brought up is being fixed, so that it defaults to 20 for that field when an invalid input is detected

|Controller CPU limit
|The CPU limit that is allocated to the main controller container, in milliCPUs (m).
|500 m.
|Adjustable by choosing another value from the list. Options: 200 m, 500 m, 2000 m, 8000 m.

|Controller memory limit

> |The memory limit that is allocated to the main controller container in Mi.

Author: @metalice Is the correct unit mebibyte? If so, can you change the abbreviation to MiB, not Mi?

> |Controller memory limit

Author: @sgratch @jschuler  Will fix, but please change "Controller main container Memory limit" to "Controller main container memory limit." Thanks.

** Failure: Last failure. 
** Running: Whether the Operator is currently running and waiting for the next reconciliation.
** Success: Last successful reconciliation.

[id="overview-history-tab_{context}"]
== History tab

The *History* displays information about migrations.

* In the upper-left of the page, there is a filter that you can use to display only migrations of a certain status, for example, *Succeeded*.

* To the right of the filter is the *Recent plan migrations only* toggle switch, which lets you display either all migrations or those run recently.

[id="overview-settings-tab_{context}"]
== Settings tab

The table that follows describes the settings that are visible in the *Settings* tab, their default values, and other possible values which can be set or chosen, if needed.

[cols="1,1,1,1",options="header"]
.{project-short} settings
|===
|Setting |Description |Default value |Additional values

|Max concurrent virtual machine migrations

> a|Varies with provider as follows:

Author: @jschuler --yes, it is part of the Asciidoc formatting for tables.  But good question!
